# Fields of Mars Game

Fields of Mars is a top down base defense game built in Unity.

## Background

Panic strikes your Mars-based research team when, amid nuclear tensions between
US and Russia, contact with Earth is lost. With Earth likely destroyed you find
yourself stranded on Mars lacking the resources sustain you and your team. Play
as Astronaut or Cosmonaut defending your precious resources from your savage
relentless enemy, while savagely and relentlessly attempting to gain your
enemy's resources. Victory will require will and ingenuity, but your training
has given you the tools necessary to win.

## Gameplay

The play field is rectangular where you own the bottom portion, your opponent
owns the top portion and a central "no man's land" is owned by nobody. On the
far end of each player's field is a base each player is meant to defend, and
destroying the opponent's base wins the game. Each player can defend their
territory by placing obstacles, and attack the opponent with units.

The Game is split into three phases: Build, Plan and Fight. The Build phase
only happens once at the beginning and allows players to buy and place
obstacles to defend their position. Obstacles may only be placed on a player's
own side. Immediately following the build phase, the Plan phase is where
players repair broken obstacles and purchase units they will use to attack. The
careful planning pays off in the Fight phase where units break through
obstacles and attempt to access the opponent base. The Plan and Fight phase
repeat until someone wins, or the game ends in a draw.

Obstacles, repairs and units are purchased from enterprising martians using
MarsBux. Each player starts with a set amount of MarsBux which they must ration
throughout the game. There is no way to make MarsBux after the game starts, so
spend wisely.

## License

See `LICENSE` file.
